Android/Fix: Read User Authentication token from the environment variable (#3917)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

- `sentry-expo-upload-sourcemaps` no longer requires Sentry url when uploading sourcemaps to `sentry.io` ([#3915](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3915))

> - Android projects can now use the environment variable `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` during the release build. ([#3917](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3917))

Reviewer: Just making the change log more accurate about what situation is being fixed. 
```suggestion
- Flavor aware Android builds use `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` env as fallback when token not found in `sentry-flavor-type.properties`. ([#3917](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/3917))
```
